Ranjit Sir that I posted good morning the photo
was fine the situation has cooled down a bit how is
Pushkar Rafi at this time and your post is
hitting fours and sixes
absolutely Shivji who told you the train and to we will go we will go we have just
started a lot I will show you the share price by next Diwali
I will not stop any further that is
two pick honey topic for today the first one is
in Shivling sir we have to be a
little conservative sell ICICI
Lombard 6834 stoploss fennel and soon
08890 and in front of it there is buy I like this thing the
most yes our line bank
value resale value opening that Aero City
Chalisa take it in 40 install Shah Talis
target of 42 and a half I think it will
come soon in ji mar so very good while
going ahead in front of you do not keep this phone accordingly
because you are in a hurry
one of your tomatoes is working very well
today and that is IRB Infra
204 currently consolidating around record high
because you discussed this  If you have
marked then my question is whether there is any
impact on IRB Infra
when I asked the question and there are many more in front of you,
he said 239 vehicles went in June, the
fast track message is correct, one cannot travel without it,
you can see how such people are going
out of the house, only to go
out, they are going to hell, Shailendra ji,
family members are saying take us to loaded Amla or for a trip to
Pune and fast track means road will be the
best also valid times in a
synth special information inside, the team is already
working hard to Android, I have no doubt that
its price will be 275
on Diwali and if you look next Diwali then it will be
360 ​​320, road infra is the best
asset, so on and that Dev Sharma translation,
I think episode of former additional
features, this is our topic from 150, we are doing
275 postal inspector in this